Sophie!
I've been following your progress.
Impressive work so far.
Thanks, Carlos.
But now the scale is changing.
We're moving from a few projects to dozens.
I want to make sure we don't outgrow our capacity.
You're right.
Scaling multiple AI solutions means managing three
things at once: data volume, ecosystem integration,
and people capabilities.
You'll need to expand your data management capacity,
reinforce integration with existing systems, and invest
in skills and partnerships to sustain growth.
So it's less about multiplying models, and more about
multiplying readiness.
Exactly.
Build a stronger AI hub, formalise a preferred supplier
network, and keep developing your AI academy.
Remember — success at scale comes from people who
understand both AI and the business.
Thanks, Carlos.
As always — clear and actionable.
I'll take this forward.
Good luck, Sophie.
You've built momentum — now make it sustainable.